Humph
I, Concubine Ouyang, have lived most of my life
Never done anything to survive
Hey boss
Yihua authors are all lunatics who kill everyone they see
I don't want you to die.
Then our brother died in vain
Live to survive
Run away by yourself
Since the boss is going to do something big
How can you bear me?
Hahahahaha
I really didn't see the wrong person.
Brother go go
Ouch oops
It's alright, everyone is here, it's alright
It just saves me from looking for you one by one.
This seat is very merciful today
Show you two paths
First killed by me
Second, you commit suicide.
Sakura Organization
Oh, I'm Xie Gang.
Don't you know me?
Oops, we are old partners of cooperation.
The flood washed away the Longwang Temple
The family doesn't know the family anymore
Your weapons are all provided by me hahahaha
Ah!
Why is that?